hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "audio" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "false" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "true" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "bool" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "integer" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "else" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "var" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "expr" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "window" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "frame" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "linked" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "float" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "pos" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "centred" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "centered" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "min" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "max" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "inverse" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "gauge" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "levels" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "number" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "graph" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "compass" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "status" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "map" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "switch" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "title" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "subtitle" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "range" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "out" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "bands" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "previous" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "auto" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "to" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "col" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "color" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "colour" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "colours" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "updateinterval" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "on" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "point" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "location" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "saturation" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "hue" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "value" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "size" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "sizerange" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "trail" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "time" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "width" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "height" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "floatrange" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "when" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "default" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "darken" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "button" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "radians" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "degrees" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "length" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "widthrange" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "lengthrange" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "vector" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "fontscale" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "port" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "sendport" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "sendaddr" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "label" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "start" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "end" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "immediate" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "key" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "always" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "sendinterval" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "validtime" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "momentary" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "slider" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "borderless" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "spacing" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "horizontal" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "vertical" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "fullscreen" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "screen" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "set" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "epsilon" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "initial" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "nudge" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "up" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "down" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "centre" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "line" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "arrow" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "angle" .scheme.keyword
hilight   .hilight.monconf 1 "special" .scheme.keyword
